# Is This Treasure or Trash

The product that I want to build this semester is one for the video game Warframe. Within the game, there are objects called relics that must be "cracked" open during a mission in order to obtain the loot inside. There are different "rarities" for the loot, with 3 items being common, 2 being uncommon, and 1 being rare. Only 1 item will drop per relic. However, when playing with other people, you can choose between the item that was obtained from everybody's relics. This is important because if you have multiple people with the same relic, the chance of getting the most rare item increases drastically as there will be multiple people rolling for the rare item. However, as it is an online game, you can be put with other players without any organization and will be at the mercy of their whims regarding which relic they chose to bring along for that mission. There is a positive to this, however. Items obtained from relics can be traded in for a sort of "premium" currency with rarer items being worth more. So if your relic did not give you the item you want, if someone else in the team got a rare item you can choose to receive a copy of the item to either use for yourself or trade in for a lot of currency. However, as the game is a "live service" game where it is constanatly updated with new content, some relics will be phased out or "vaulted" for newer ones that drop the parts for newer weapons, which means they will no longer be obtainable in game. While hovering over the loot in the loot selection screen will tell you how much "premium" currency you can trade it in for, it fails to tell you if the loot is from a vaulted relic or not. Sometimes this can be important as while you can just do missions to collect unvaulted relics to crack open, vaulted relics are impossible to obtain unless another player trades you it. So, players might prioritize certain loot if they know that it is from a vaulted relic. 

This is important for players of any kind because newer players can use this to avoid picking vault loot as it will have no immediate value unless they trade it in while older players will be able to choose vaulted loot to save up and hopefully collect the other pieces for over time. With so many Frames and weapons in the game, it can be very difficult for players to keep track of what is vaulted and what is not. This product will be an in game overlay that will only appear during the loot selection screen and will list all of the relics that each loot can be obtained from, if the relic is vaulted or not, and the rarity of the loot from the relic. An example would be something like:

Nekros Prime Chassis
Axi L8 (V) Uncommon
Meso N9 Rare

A box or bubble of the overlay will display all of the relics with the same format - the era of the relic: Axi/Meso; the relic "code" - L8/N9; the vault status - vaulted if (V) is present or not; and the rarity of the loot from the relic - Common, Uncommon, Rare. This product would require something to read the name of each loot item on the screen, a way to gather the drop information from the warframe wiki (where it will normally list each relic in the same fashion), and a way to display the information on the screen. And of course, the product will have to run as an app and not inside the game itself. 
